---
title: Overview
---

Zkool supports multisignature accounts that leverage the **FROST** technology.

Multisignature accounts differ from standard accounts in several ways.

::: warning
I highly recommend you read this section since MultiSignature
accounts may not behave as you expect.
:::

- MultiSignature Accounts (MSig Acct) are created via a distributed
Key Generation process described in the [Distributed Key Generation (DKG)](./dkg.md) section.
- A MSig Acct involves a several entities/individuals who create the shared
  address of the account.
- During DKG, the number of signers needed for a payment is set.
- For example: a "2 out of 3" MSig Acct requires 2 participants out of the 3
  account creators to [sign a transaction](./mpc.md).
- The MSig Accts do not have a known secret key[^1]. They has a unified viewing key
  and of course an address.
- Funds sent to the MSig Acct address ends up in the account, just like for a
  standard account. From an external point of view, a MSig Acct is
  undistinguishable for a standard account[^2].
- MSig Accts are Orchard. They do not have a transparent nor a sapling receiver.
- MSig Accts have diversified addresses. New addresses can be generated by any
  participant without coordinating with the others.
- MSig Accts do not have a seed phrase. They do not have a complete secret key. They have
  a *share* of the secret key.
- You cannot backup a MSig Acct like a regular account (since they do not have a
  seed phrase), but you can and *should* export the account.
- DKG and Signing

::: important
Save your MSig Acct by exporting it, or by saving the whole database file.
It has your *share* of the secret key.
:::

## DKG and Signing Multi Party Ceremonies

The Distributed Key Generation and the Multi Party Signing are multi step
workflows that involve the transmission of secure messages between the
participants.

Zkool uses the Zcash blockchain and leverages encrypted memos to send and
receives the commitments, signature packages, signature shares, etc.

### Funding

The communication necessitates a bit of ZEC to pay for the transaction fees.

They should be in a separate account from the MultiSig Account. This is called
the **funding account**.

::: tip
0.25 ZEC should be more than enough for ~100 multisig transactions.
:::

If the funding account does not have enough, the DKG or SIGN will return an
error. You can add more funds and resume the operation.

### Sequentiality

::: important
A given database can only process *one DKG* and *one SIGN* at a time.
If you need to make more than one, you need to use another database file.
:::

[^1]: There is a secret key but it is split between the participants and unknown
    by any single participant.
[^2]: Unlike for Bitcoin where the multisig account have a different prefix than
    standard p2wkh.